yeah hey everybody this is Terry we're
here for the proto school weekly call on
Thursday September 12 and we're very
excited to have lots of people here and
so one of our biggest announcements for
today is that we have a new team member
Jill do you want to introduce yourself
quickly okay
once again this week yeah I mean Jill I
work at moxie I've been working here for
about one year I work mainly on
front-end stuff and I'll be joining
Terry bring stuff for the and helping
out with princess school yeah we're
super excited to have you here we were
bummed to lose do go but we are very
excited to have you joining us to knock
out a lot of our front-end work so it's
awesome and then I'll just run through
some of these updates that we have in
the notes here so on the content
development front the biggest and kind
of most important thing that I'm working
on right now is to go through the
content from ipfs camp in an effort to
see what will fit nicely into proto
school whether that's brand new
tutorials or adjustments to existing
content using maybe a diagram or really
cool explanation that someone gave or
linking to things from the resources
page there are a lot of ways that we
could do that so at the moment the
biggest thing that I've done is to
gather up the slide decks from the
various course leaders and make sure
those are at least in the camp repo to
start and the videos will be published
probably by the end of next week I think
from those courses so we have a lot of
great materials on the way and then my
next step is to go through the each of
those courses in more detail and figure
out what are the pieces we can pull out
so for example one of the ideas that
I've had so far within Alan's session on
working with files there was a section
on the anatomy of a CID which was really
cool and he also showed a tool called
the CID inspector I kind of broke down
like all the different the multi bases
like what kind of hash it is this and
that
so one thing we can think about doing is
if the result of your code for a
specific lesson is this knee ID then we
can give you the option to then view it
in that in that tool so there's stuff
like that we could do that's kind of
more uxe and across-the-board feature
type things and then there will also be
a lot of just pure content like we could
build a tutorial about the anatomy of a
cid and then linked back to that from
the tool so that's just one idea that
I'm considering for like q4 ok ours to
take advantages in the camp contest
another thing that was super exciting
this week is that we had someone submit
their first PR and someone who is not
not here all of the time working on this
and their first PR to fix a lesson we
have lots of people and this is awesome
a lot of people who do the tutorials
submit feedback especially when they're
doing when they're at one of the live
events and the leaders encourage them to
do that but this is someone who came in
and just put in a PR to tweak the word
or the code that was off and so that was
really nice to see
and then our buddy Dan found a bug that
is so complicated that we think it might
be coming from my PFS itself instead of
from protocol so to be determined but we
have someone from the ipfs team working
to help us figure out whether that is
indeed the case um and then jill has
also started messing around twist that
the internals and fixed visual bugs that
we had that was making things come out
all in different widths so he's getting
into the getting into the code base
there um so yeah that one actually I'll
drag down to the learner experience the
more you XE section and that's on that
front that's probably the biggest thing
that we've done this week and then we
have our first Tokyo chapter you want to
say anything about that
hello yes oh I'm Senshi masa onion you
can call me San Shi or masa it recently
opened the Tokyo chapter and I'm
currently working on this books
translating project
so yeah yeah and uh yeah I am planning
to have meetups workshops around Def Con
Osaka from October 8th to 11th and our
meetup will happen in Osaka and Tokyo or
Osaka it will happen on October 7th 3
p.m. to 6 p.m. near Osaka station and
for Tokyo it will happen
October 12 in Shibuya from 3 p.m. to 6
p.m.
sorry you're muted
would you mind when you have a second
adding those details to the to the notes
document and then we can share them and
definitely but you may already be doing
this but we totally recommend that any
of the chapter organizers use like you
can use an issue to announce the
specific event tweet we have a proto
school feel free to tag the proto school
handle when you tweet about your event
so we can help to kind of repost and get
some more eyes on it but that's really
cool we're really really happy to have
you on the team and then of course if
you're if you're using content from
those proto school tutorials definitely
encourage people to use that button at
the bottom of the page just submit
feedbacks if there's something that's
not making sense they can do it
individually or you can tell us
everybody got stuck on lesson six of
this tutorial and tell us why and we can
work on fixing that so that's always
super helpful and worked so we're super
excited to have you with us thanks what
else we've I took a really rough first
stab at q4 ok ours for the project but I
want to take some time to chat about
that stuff with Dylan and oli and some
other folks and then hopefully we'll
share a little bit more on next week's
call what else anything exciting well I
was about to ask if there's anything
exciting going on in Hong Kong but
that's not a not really the question
tiny
is there anything exciting going on with
proto school in Hong Kong actually not
much about I haven't done much about the
school in Hong Kong but then I would say
the Masai so lucky because he who has
his first event in soccer and then the
IPS team and the PD with him will join
as well so it would be so so lucky for
you yeah yeah so and then and then I
think a pal of the members they will go
to Taipei afterwards and then they will
also have full of school here and there
I can't face me laughs and that's why I
suppose clear and here yes yes yeah so I
think yeah yeah yeah Kevin his name is
Kevin as far so so that's why I was
trying to the ACE we've come so that
because I knew our role and Ellen Mike I
think they are going to Taipei as well
so it will be a good chance for them to
have a min up there yeah and then I was
asking if they can it could come to on
competent I too too too long because I
think they're travelling to Japan Taiwan
and think the schedule is too tight so
that's why they can come to Hong Kong
yeah but anyways I will I will join the
Japan and Taipei event anyways yeah yeah
and last we III Korea actually I look at
the issue that Molly are put on there
are chapter put on the Polo school
github yeah and then uh I think is a
very detailed one that I think I can
help with a part of the legislature the
te or ye I call of them
when I do in my free time
yeah I your video just cut out over me
but yeah yeah yeah if you are able to
help yeah let's say there are ye are but
but then because I've been so busy
recently
may take me some time too
I think those paths from the